[Abbreviations, Glossary] Adding AAP (#2614)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/common/glossary.md

<a name="1.8"></a>
## Other Referenced Terminology

> - **Anuket Assured Program (AAP):** An open source, community-led compliance and verification program to ease the integration of telecom applications with cloud infrastructures.

Reviewer: is it "ease the integration" or "verify compliance"?
```suggestion
- **Anuket Assured Program (AAP):** An open source, community-led program to verify compliance of the telecom applications and the cloud infrastructures with the Anuket specifications.
```
